but to all the great viewers and subscribers
my channel today the words i am positive
cookie and we will today only varnish
leave the new iphone 6 and iphone 6 only us
Begin 4 gigabytes a gray color
all colors at once begin to create
my lighting is good here
how the box looks ahead we see
is the deepening of the iPhone itself apple
removed the iphone itself removed in the figure
now we see such a deepening
nothing he's just a white box in the back
64 gigabyte documentation all sorts of things
yes come here the inscription apple and iphone
there's nothing here and the same apple
iphone and so
iphone mini i immediately say so we take off
on my iphone 5s
uncover uncovered let's get
come on
gray we like it looks up bye
we will put off his sarong you always
exactly fit open here with us
documentation
and and the violin documentation and here with on
Nickname apples warmly we have headphones
remote control earpods sealed
still not revealed itself dawn charger to them
beat vodka an hour ago we put as
close the difference close everything so close
no box we will not be anything yet
unpack well let's get started
enable iphone activating more accurate background
turn on
the light is chopped off sorry will turn on now
loaded now or gleams chopped off
Here's Holo
greet us surrounded by a pack of sim card
medisin cysts so Russian
setting language sets it is not language
our and ship will now not turn on
select a region no China Russia
here is Russia
turn on choose network you don't have yet
networks now it will load just light
chopped off yes let's go when the network turns on
we will continue now we continue the light
further now wi-fi should happen
also
let's see our iphone 3 we see
iphone itself
swing this front camera like this and
front camera and sound
checkboxes behind we see he is gray
cameras so you bad well well she would
Ahead flash apple itself apple
iphone and apple buy design and california
here we see below this is where the volume
need to insert the headphones is for sprue
for lighting but also this
speaker here we see the alphabet lock and
simka insert and then add sound and
turn off
turn on all
here's a mouse wi-fi so killed everything
I connect connects to wifi
proactive song
Well, on this finish video later
we put simku all good luck all bye